That's totally different, I want blue hair,
not pink hair!
Microsoft is doing something new with Skype.
Who should you follow on Twitter? And would
you buy an iPhone case with a bottle opener?
I'm Cali Lewis, welcome to GeekBeat.TV #222.
This episode of GeekBeat.TV is brought to
you by Carbonite. Earlier this week the Skype
iPad app was released. Our AV Engineer and
blogger Ken Tran had his first impressions
out on GeekBeat.TV as they took they app down,
then they later rereleased it. Yesterday they
updated the Android Skype app. 2.1 will allow
video calling on seventeen new devices, including
the HTC Flyer, Evo 4G, Desire HD, Sensation,
Galaxy Tab and Xperia Play.
Seems to be working pretty well.
For those of you worried that Microsoft is
going to kill Skype, Hopefully you're less
worried now.
For those of you using Google +, we've had
a steady stream of tips and tricks to get
the most out of the new service. Gordon McCloud
has a great tip for how to use Google Reader
and Google + together. Pretty cool stuff.
Check it out at geekbeat.tv/googleplustips.
Also, on the Web Beat Blog, we have an ongoing
series of posts where you're gonna be able
to find interesting people you want to follow
on Twitter, Facebook, and Google +, and all
kinds of topics - tech, sports, even inspiring
people who will help you get out of bed each
morning.
And since this is ongoing, let us know what
topic you want covered. Tips@webbeat.tv or
ping us on any of the social media sites,
of course.
So, Kick Starter has really become quite the
marketplace. I love that Spec iPhone case
that has room for three cards in the back:
credit cards, driver's license, well...Would
you want your iPhone case to double as a bottle
opener instead? Well, the Opena is a hard
case for your iPhone 4 with a bottle opener
that slides out.
It fits both AT&amp;T and Verizon iPhone 4.
It's 40 bucks and will ship this month. if
you have a physical backup, you should also
have an online backup. When you have Carbonite
online backup, you don't have to worry, because
your files are backed up safely and automatically
off site. Carbonite unlimited backup for your
PC, or Mac is just fifty nine bucks a year.
That's less than five dollars a month. But
when you use the offer code Geekbeat to start
your free fifteen day trial, you'll get two
months free if you decide to buy. Carbonite.com,
remember to use that offer code Geekbeat to
get two months free with purchase your friends,
and before you do, something funny happens,
you just wish you had a photo or video of?
Glmps, no vowels, gives you the possibility
of capturing unintended unintentional moment.
It will take video of the moments before a
photo is taken, when you tell it to start,
it will start recording video. Then, when
you snap the photo, the photo will be the
last frame of the video itself. You can either
decide to discard it, keep it privately, or
share with the world.
Facebook, Twitter, Foursquare, email, or SMS.
Geekbeat.tv/glmps, take note of the spelling,
we'll get you right there. That's it for today,
thank you so much for watching, circle me
on Google+, search Cali Lewis, and if you
haven't already check-in on get glue, you
will earn real life stickers.
Bye bye, say bye. Squeeze him and hug him
and love him. Thank you. I appreciate it.
I know sometimes I mess up. Holy god!